add "async mode" to `getCloudflareContext` (#372)
opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare: .changeset/tough-tables-talk.md

---
"@opennextjs/cloudflare": patch
---

add "async mode" to `getCloudflareContext`

> add a new option to `getCloudflareContext` that makes it run in "async mode", the difference being that the returned value is a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an `async` option to `getCloudflareContext({async})` to run it in "async mode", the difference being that the returned value is a
```
